Do the first two steps here first: https://martinsprogramming.wordpress.com/2015/03/20/github-with-unity-5-tutorial/

once you have the desktop app and you are logged in.
	1. I need to add you as a collaborator
	2. Click the plus sign in top left
	3. You should see 'ChemicalSafety'
	4. Click 'Clone Repository'
	5. Choose a location to have your local copy on your PC
		Changes to this folder won't be automatically committed, so no one will see these changes until you commit them and then "sync" them.
	6. Make sure, in the desktop app, you have your branch selected. In the top center of the screen, you should see "Master" and a down arrow. Click that and change it to your branch.
		Your commits will go to the branch you have selected ONLY.
	7. Once you have made a change and you want to commit them, you should see a list of 'changes' in the app. You should see every file you've modified and a 'diff' window on the right. This shows the changes made.
	8. Next, you need to commit these changes, at the bottom of the app, you should see a 'Summary' and 'Description' textboxes. Try to put a description at least in the 'Summary' of what you done. If it requires a longer explanation, put a short description in the 'Summary' and the longer version in the 'Description'.
	9. Press 'Commit to BRANCH'
		Note: this will be quicker than our dropbox/onedrive updates, since we are not overwriting/updating the whole project each time, rather just the exact changes.
	10. In the top right, there is a 'Sync' button. Press that once the commit process is done. 
		This will update everyone that a change was made to one of the branches.
		
Pull request:
	1. In order to get work from another branch, you would want to create a pull request. In the desktop app, this can be done using the button to the left of the Sync button in the top right of the app.
	2. Before clicking this button, you need to select the branch you want to "pull" changes from using the dropdown near the top left (the branch name with the downward arrow).
	3. Select the branch you want to pull from.
	4. Now click the pull request button in the top right.
	5. In the 'TO_BRANCH' dropdown button in 'from FROM_BRANCH into TO_BRANCH', select the branch you want to pull into (usually this will be your branch).
	6. The 'Summary' and 'Description' textboxes should be autopopulated with the info from most recent commit to that branch, but you can change this. There should at least be a summary though.
	7. Click 'Send Pull Request'.
	8. You now have to go to the github website in the project page and find "Pull Requests"
	9. Find your pull request, click on it, review any comments, the commits and the files changed.
	10. Go to the 'Conversation' tab and click 'Merge pull request'. 
	11. Verify in your project, the changes have been made and the project still works and the changes work.
		If there is any problems, you may have to "reverse" the change and possibly manually make the changes.
	
Notes:
	Try to commit as much as possible to your branch. (daily if changes are made)
	Don't commit to other branches (especially the master). Only create pull requests to master (if team approves).
